---
title: PREZI
layout: post
author: sam.woodroff
permalink: /prezi/
source-id: 1xz731qwjaUJnBAPBMhVzTjCLY5BoG8v7Drgrqx58GjU
published: true
---
PREZI AND PRESENTATION TECHNIQUES

In my last IT lesson we were showed a presentation software called Prezi. Prezi is similar to other presentation tools such as Powerpoint, but it has a unique twist. Unlike Powerpoint, which can be used as slide after slide of stationary bullet points, Prezi allows you to zoom in on bits of information adding another dimension to your presentation - this element is a great way to captivate your audience. It also allows you to start your presentation out wide and gradually zoom in on the presentation until at the end you're zoomed in to a tiny bit of a letter which can really be effective. As well as the zoom feature Prezi can do some other kinds of cool stuff - it houses an infinite number of templates meaning that there’s always a template to fit the kind of presentation you wish to do. Once you’ve picked your template you can begin placing down your information but Prezi also allows you to rotate the text, again captivating your audience. As well as looking at Prezi in class we looked at what makes a bad presentation. Some of the points that were raised in  this discussion included the following - you shouldn’t read directly off the presentation, but need to create a script to describe and emphasise  what’s on the powerpoint. You should never read a script directly, because it leaves a bad impression on the audience - this is because your audience will think you haven’t practiced and you don’t care about the topic you’re presenting. Always memorise parts of your script to engage in some eye contact with your audience, rather than looking down at your script for the entire presentation. Another bad technique is to be hunched up with your hands in your pockets. You need your hands to express and gesticulate for emphasis, particularly when raising important sections and points within the presentation.

