---
title: IDENTITY MAP
layout: post
author: sam.woodroff
permalink: /identity-map/
source-id: 1dYaiIsxQw99UJNNPCovG6UjtOG410aaEJ2qeHLU23Jo
published: true
---
IDENTITY MAP

Over the half-term break my IT teacher asked us to create an identity map. If you're wondering what this is it’s a piece of paper with information about you, which could include family, education and media uses. At the beginning I didn’t quite understand what to do, but eventually I did after reading my teacher’s clear instructions. I split my page into present and future by drawing a line down the middle. On the present side I put the social media I use at the moment, plus some other information about me. On the opposite side I wrote about my career ambitions and how I’ll use social media in the future - I mainly did this using illustrations. My idea was very different to other people’s in my class, but they all included more information than me, so the pictures I included didn’t give everybody the clear picture and I should provide more detail. When I received feedback and comments on a sheet of paper, written by my classmates, they said that this was one of the main drawbacks to my identity map. For me, it felt helpful commenting on my peers identity maps. I had a lot to say and I hope it helped them to improve theirs. Rather than writing down improvements on a sheet of paper, I would have preferred to speak to the person directly as then I could explain what I meant more and get my point across. I received a rather odd comment back. This mentioned that I should include more about sport. By reading my identity map they should have deduced that sport wasn’t a big thing in my life.    I think that commenting on the identity maps is very different to commenting on Instagram  for example. The reason I believe this is that on Instagram sometimes you may not know the person and think well I can say whatever I like to this person. However, when we were commenting on the identity maps we knew each other and so as not to upset each other we tried to put criticism in a kind way. I did find the exercise puzzling at first and eventually it became clear, but this hasn’t helped me to see what I want to post in the future on social media. From this activity I think that I have a better understanding of social media, and l would definitely change one thing - the hate you sometimes received, but this seems impossibility.  I am now drawing near to the end of my media topic in school and I feel that these last six lessons have affected my view on it. I now understand how to read an advert properly, I can now tell what’s real in an advert and what’s not, and I know how to use social media properly. I now realise that I will use social media in the future a lot more than I do now, but I’m still not convinced I will use it that much.    

