---
title: 1-100
layout: post
author: sam.woodroff
permalink: /1-100/
source-id: 12puh3k5KE892GdCd13qmTPjky3PmtCAuTIHZjzc3Ci0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>1-100</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>begin to learn to create a code that guesses a number that is 1-100</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found that trying to guess what code I was going to write next helped develop my understanding, because I was understanding what each statement meant. I think that this links into one of the previous techniques, which was to think carefully about each statement. I think that I also met last week's target, which was to improve my memory, and more importantly, catch up on the work. I think that I worked swiftly and thoroughly in today's lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that trying to work too fast limited my learning. I think that I didn’t take too much care in the work that I was doing. This was a necessary step in catching up in the work from last week, but, I think that I wasn’t really using the good techniques from last week's lesson, which was to take a step back and think about the code I had written.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I will pace myself, taking time and care with my work, so as not to make mistakes and so that I can incorporate previous techniques from previous lessons.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


